5.0 - Adding SLES15 SP6 as base OS for for Manager installation (#3726)
uyuni-project/uyuni-docs: CHANGELOG.md

> - Added instructions for Server installation on SLES 15 SP6

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added instructions for Server installation on SUSE Linux
  Enterprise Server 15 SP6
```

- Added instructions for Server installation on SUSE Linux

>   Enterprise Server 15 SP6
>   to Installation and Upgrade Guide

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Enterprise Server 15 SP6  to Installation and Upgrade Guide
```
